[KGanTy - 1stQtrProposal.pdf](https://github.com/Aldrich-Joseph-Ty/KGanTyProject/files/9599235/KGanTy.-.1stQtrProposal.pdf)
# KGanTyProject


Working Website Title: "Somewhere Under The Rainbow"

Description: To quickly summarize and introduce the main objective of our website, it is very simply a website designed to inform, educate, and correct people on the LGBTQ+ community. As to why we have chosen to make this the goal of our website as well as the specific main topic of our website, it's because we believe it is important for people, especially those outside of the community, to be informed and understanding of the community, and hopefully through a simple introduction to the community through this website, these people may be able to grow their acceptance, love, and knowledge on the community, whether a part of it or not. When it comes to achieving this goal however, we would need to remember some key elements which are integral to achieving the said goal, like how it is important that the website gets across that the different sexualties/gender identities people have are simply these traits people are born with like our own nationalities since this would portray those from the community as humans just like anybody else. It is also important that our explanations and clearing up of information on the various sub-groups of the LGBTQ+ community are descriptive but easy to understand as this would create a great place for anybody who seems confused about this topic, such as those from more conservative countries or those who've simply not interacted with that many people in the LGBTQ+ community, to educate themselves on it and thus create an empathetic understanding of it. All in all, we've made this topic the one for our website to be able to give people, especially those not knowledgeable of the LGBTQ+ community, the information on this wide and vast community, but we also plan on making sure we drive home the message of empathy and understanding with the community as people too just like everyone else, and hopefully all of this can be achieved through the elements we plan on including in our website such as the aforementioned specific descriptions of each particular sexuality and gender identity.

  Moving on to the actual meat of the website, we are planning on having 4 specific webpages which includes, in this preferred order of viewing, one specifically on sexuality, one specifically on gender identity, one specficially on historical figures who were most probably a part of the LGBTQ+ community, and one specifically clearing up some misconseptions that may have not been cleared up at the start of the first two webpages. To make access and navigation easy on the website, we are planning on making sure that the links to the 4 other webpages for the website are already there on the homepage, with links in each webpage to go back to the homepage or to the next webpage in the preferred order of viewing we have in mind. We go more in-depth about each webpage in our outline of the website, but hopefully to make things more streamlined and efficient, we can implement a consistent design to each of the webpages (aside from the homepage). To summarize, we're planning on using elements such as a consistent design and easy to navigate website to really make this website accessible, which would make more people see the information and knowledge we've put into the website which we've organized into categories that make sense which would increase the appeal of the website for people.

Outline of The Website: 

  Webpage 1: The 1st webpage would obviously be the homepage of the website. The main eye-catching feature of the homepage would be the colorful rainbow starting from the left side of the homepage then making the shape of an arc that reaches the topmost part of the homepage which then goes back down and ends at the right side of the homepage. Under the rainbow would be a short description of the aim of the website (Educating on the LGBTQ+ community) to those first entering. Under that short description and at the middle and bottom portions of the homepage would be the links to the other webpages, with each link having an image (corresponding to the webpage the link goes to) above the link, as well as a description below the link which gives a brief description and summary of the webpage the link corresponds to. We will also add a segment below for the resources and materials we've used in researching and making the website.
  
  Webpage 2: The 2nd webpage would be all about the various sexualities which fall under the LGBTQ+ community (i.e. Gays, Lesbians, Bisexuality, Pansexuality, Asexuality, etc.). Like the homepage, there will be a colorful rainbow starting from the left side of the page and ending on the right. Underneath the rainbow would be a concise description of what sexuality is and some important information surrounding it to prepare the viewer for the rest of the webpage. Below this description of the webpage, each sexuality would have its own portion of the webpage with a description of the sexuality which includes, but will probably not be limited to, information like which kinds of people those with that particular sexuality are attracted to. Above that description but below the header (Sexuality name) would be the image of the flag of that particular sexuality. At the very end and bottom of the webpage, we would have a description of the fight by those non-heterosexual people with different sexualities in order to get the same equal rights and privileges that those heteresexual people do in fact have. We will also have links just below that particular description, one to go back to the main homepage and one to go the next webpage on gender identities. 
  
  Webpage 3: The 3rd webpage would talk about the various gender identities (i.e. agender, non-binary, genderfluid, etc.). Like the homepage, there will be a colorful rainbow starting from the left side of the page and ending on the right. Underneath the rainbow would be a description of what gender identities are. Below this description, there will be a paragraph about the difference between sex and gender along with some key terms (i.e. cisgender, gender identity, etc.). Each gender will then be mentioned with their flags and descriptions (what it means to identify as said gender). At the bottom of the page would be a link that leads back to the homepage as well as a link going to the next page on common misconceptions about the community.
  
  Webpage 4: The 4th webpage would feature some common misconceptions (Not included in the first two webpages) that people may have about the LGBTQ+ community (i.e. "sexuality is a choice", "bisexuality is just a phase", etc.). Like the homepage, there will be a colorful rainbow starting from the left side of the page and ending on the right. Underneath the rainbow would be a brief description on how the misconceptions are harmful to the LGBTQ+ community, along with the title "Common Misconceptions". Below this description, each common misconception will have its own portion of the webpage with an explaination as to what the actual truths are. At the bottom of the page would be a link that leads back to the homepage as well as a link going to the next page on historical figures who were most probably a part of the LGBTQ+ community. 
  
  Webpage 5: The 5th page would be about historical figures that were, at least from what we currently know, most likely a part of the LGBTQ+ community (i.e. Fredrick the Great, Achilles, Patroclus, Alan Turing, etc.). Like the homepage, there will be a colorful rainbow starting from the left side of the page and ending on the right. Underneath the rainbow would be the title "Historical Figures That Were Most Probably Part of the LGBTQ+ Community", along with a brief introduction. Below the introduction, each historical figure mentioned would be given their own portion of the page with their names, pictures, and descriptions. At the bottom of the page would be a link that leads back to the homepage as well as a link going back to the page on sexuality.
  
Initial Wireframe For The Homepage And The Two Web Pages: 
